---
page_title: "identitycloud_promotion_lock Resource - terraform-provider-identitycloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage the promotion lock process.
---

# identitycloud_promotion_lock (Resource)

Resource to create and manage the promotion lock process.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "identitycloud_promotion_lock" "example" {
  retry_timeouts = {
    create = "10m"
    delete = "10m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `retry_timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry_timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the state of the lock.
- `id` (String) Promotion unique identifier.
- `lower_env` (Attributes) Lower environment lock status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lower_env))
- `promotion_id` (String) Promotion unique identifier.
- `result` (String) The lock status of the environment. Supported values are `unlocking`, `unlocked`, `locking`, `locked`, `error`.
- `upper_env` (Attributes) Upper environment lock status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upper_env))

<a id="nestedatt--retry_timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m", as a grace period for retries on locking of the environment. Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). The default is 1 minute.
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m", as a grace period for retries on unlocking of the environment. Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). The default is 1 minute.


<a id="nestedatt--lower_env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lower_env`

Read-Only:

- `promotion_id` (String) Promotion unique identifier.
- `proxy_state` (String) Proxy state of the lock.
- `state` (String) State of the lock.


<a id="nestedatt--upper_env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upper_env`

Read-Only:

- `promotion_id` (String) Promotion unique identifier.
- `proxy_state` (String) Proxy state of the lock.
- `state` (String) State of the lock.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder, and required by Terraform

```shell
terraform import identitycloud_promotion_lock.example id
```